quickly describe resolution algorithm (#119)
sifive/wit: README.md

Wit resolves this hierarchy of dependencies and generates a flattened directory structure in which each package
may exist only once.

## How does Wit deduplicate packages?

> When multiple versions of the same package are requested, Wit chooses the latest version, making sure the latest version's commit is a descendant of the rest of the requested versions' commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple versions of the same package are requested, Wit chooses the latest requested version, making sure the selected version's commit is a descendant of every other requested versions' commits.
```
